suggestion while entering a mail?(fb)
awt and util
# in url
DAO
Autowiring
LocalDate localDate
algorithms like N-Queens problem and then, Travelling Salesman problem should be acquainted it.
Shortest Path Algorithms. This includes three algorithms:
i. Shortest distance from one point to another point - Djikstra
ii. Shortest distance from one point to other points - Prim and Kruskal.
iii. Shortest distance from each point to other points - Bellman Ford.

//Enterprise applications have some common cross-cutting concerns THAT are applicable to different types of Objects and application modules


insert into data values(1,'user1','pass1');
insert into data values(1,'user2','pass2');


    PUBLIC KEY ENCRYPTION
 in which a message is encrypted with a recipient's public key. The message cannot be decrypted by anyone who does not possess the matching private key, who is thus presumed to be the owner of that key and the person associated with the public key. This is used in an attempt to ensure confidentiality.
    DIGITAL SIGNATURES
 in which a message is signed with the sender's private key and can be verified by anyone who has access to the sender's public key. This verification proves that the sender had access to the private key, and therefore is likely to be the person associated with the public key. This also ensures that the message has not been tampered with, as a signature is mathematically bound to the message it originally was made with, and verification will fail for practically any other message, no matter how similar to the original message.


ENCRYPTION is meant to protect data in transit, 
HASHING is meant to verify that a file or piece of data hasn’t been altered—that it is authentic.

Read more at: https://www.thesslstore.com/blog/difference-encryption-hashing-salting/ 

Hash fixed length?

X-Auth token?


'Authorization: Basic ' means basic authentication, browser/client have to supply the username/password with each request.

In case of 'x-auth-token' user has to supply username/password for the first time and server returns a access-token in header field 'x-auth-token'. For further sessions this token is exchanged, not the username/password.


Feitian
https://www.ftsafe.com/


FIDO2
https://fidoalliance.org/fido2/





ITR:

TRANSACTION ID:7251826133
USER ID:DSFPR8785F

UAN 101445457450



